Discuss lite-functions and aliases in the coding guide (#1658)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: docs/contributing/code_guide.rst

   from numbers import Real
   from plasmapy.utils.decorators import bind_lite_func, preserve_signature

   __all__ += __lite_funcs__

   @preserve_signature
   @njit
   def function_lite(v: Real) -> Real:
       """
       The lite-function which accepts and returns real numbers in
       assumed SI units.
       """
       ...

   @bind_lite_func(function_lite)
   def function(v):
       """A function that accepts and returns Quantity arguments."""
       ...

* The name of each lite-function should be the name of the original
  function with ``_lite`` appended at the end. For example,
  `~plasmapy.formulary.speeds.thermal_speed_lite` is the lite-function
  associated with `~plasmapy.formulary.speeds.thermal_speed`.

* Lite-functions assume SI units for all of arguments that represent
  physical quantities.

* Lite-functions should be defined immediately before the normal version
  of the function.

* Lite-functions are bound to their normal version as the ``lite``
  attribute using the
  `~plasmapy.utils.decorators.lite_func.bind_lite_func` decorator.

* Each lite-function should be decorated with
  `~plasmapy.utils.decorators.helpers.preserve_signature`.

> * A lite-function should usually be decorated with ``@numba.njit`` (or
>   the like) as a just-in-time compiler. If a decorator from `numba` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A lite-function would usually be decorated with ``@numba.njit`` (or
  the like) for just-in-time compilation. If a decorator from `numba` is
```

That rings better to me, but up to you on whether you like it!
